passion is not discovered it is not
uncovered you are not an archaeologist
who is meant to turn in meditate and
find the thing that somehow has been
eluding you your whole life but is
secretly your very Mission and reason
for existing and I hope that the very
notion of that when you say it sounds
absurd your job is to develop a passion
your job is to decide what you want your
why to be
when you look inward you will see only
flickers of
interest and your job is to take that
flicker of interest and go down a path
of gaining Mastery and as you get so
good they can't ignore you in that
process of
backbreaking really boring work you're
going to find out whether you love it
enough to push through all of that
whether you have the grit to see it
through and when you find the one that
you do that'll be your why